[CI:DOCS] Document the pull_options (#1242)
containers/storage: docs/containers-storage.conf.5.md

**additionalimagestores**=[]
  Paths to additional container image stores. Usually these are read/only and stored on remote network shares.

**pull_options** = {enable_partial_images = "false", enable_host_deduplication = "false", use_hard_links = "false", ostree_repos=""}

Allows specification of how storage is populated when pulling images. This

> option can speed the pulling process of zstd images. Container/storage looks for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option can speed the pulling process of zstd images. Containers/storage looks for
```

> files within images that are being pulled from a container registry were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files within images that are being pulled from a container registry which were
```

> previously pulled to the host. When it finds them it can copy or create a hard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previously pulled to the host. When it finds them, it can copy or create a hard
```

> link to the existing file elimintating the need to pull them from the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link to the existing file, eliminating the need to pull them from the container
```

registry. These options can deduplicate pulling of content, disk storage of
content and can allow the kernel to use less memory when running containers.

containers/storage supports 4 keys
  * enable_partial_images="true" | "false"

>     Tells container/storage to look for files previousy pulled in storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tells containers/storage to look for files previously pulled in storage
```

>     rather then pull them from container/registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rather then always pulling them from the container registry.
```

  * use_hard_links = "false" | "true"

>     Tells container/storage to use hard links rather then create new files in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tells containers/storage to use hard links rather then create new files in
```

>     the image, if file already existed in storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the image, if an identical file already existed in storage.
```

  * enable_host_deduplication = "false" | "true"

>     Tells container/storage to use files from /usr in addition to files in other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tells containers/storage to search for files under /usr in addition to files in other
```

>     images, rather then pulling image from container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    images when attempting to avoid pulling files from the container registry.
```

  * ostree_repos = ""

>     Tells container/storage where an ostree_repo exists that might have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tells containers/storage where an ostree repository exists that might have
```

>     previously pulled content to use rather then pull content from container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    previously pulled content which can be used when attempting to avoid pulling content from the container
```

**additionalimagestores**=[]
  Paths to additional container image stores. Usually these are read/only and stored on remote network shares.

**pull_options** = {enable_partial_images = "false", enable_host_deduplication = "false", use_hard_links = "false", ostree_repos=""}

Allows specification of how storage is populated when pulling images. This

> option can speed the pulling process of zstd images. Containers/storage looks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
option can speed the pulling process of images compressed with format zstd:chunked. Containers/storage looks
```

Reviewer 2: I think `zstd images` can sound a bit confusing these are just regular image with zstd compression format.

> for files within images that are being pulled from a container registry which

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for files within images that are being pulled from a container registry that
```

were previously pulled to the host. When it finds them, it can copy or create

> a hard link to the existing file, eliminating the need to pull them from the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a hard link to the existing file when it finds them, eliminating the need to pull them from the
```

container registry. These options can deduplicate pulling of content, disk
storage of content and can allow the kernel to use less memory when running
containers.

> containers/storage supports 4 keys

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
containers/storage supports four keys
```

  * enable_partial_images="true" | "false"
    Tells containers/storage to look for files previously pulled in storage
    rather then always pulling them from the container registry.
  * use_hard_links = "false" | "true"
    Tells containers/storage to use hard links rather then create new files in
    the image, if an identical file already existed in storage.
  * enable_host_deduplication = "false" | "true"

>     Tells containers/storage to search for files under /usr in addition to

Reviewer 3: IDK for sure, maybe?
```suggestion
    Tells containers/storage to search for files under `/usr` in addition to
```
